

SOCIAL MEDIA

With our creative content, strategic advertising, & intuitive approval system we will enhance your social presence.

WEB DESIGN

Get a website created that is mobile responsive, search engine friendly and customized to fit your needs.

DIGITAL MARKETING

We assist clients with all aspects of online marketing from email to video production.

As technology rapidly evolves, it’s more important than ever to have an innovation
advisor on your side. Whether it’s time to create a new vision or put one into place,
we can help you uncover the best tech to solve your toughest business problems–no matter the industry.

HOW WE DO IT

Our technology advisory services will help transform your business through the management and implementation of new apps,
platforms, architecture and tech. We’ll partner with you to determine the right combination of technologies for
 your business—from the tech that exists today to the emerging tech of tomorrow.



Digital diagnostic
Diagnose the digital readiness of your enterprise and identify the digital opportunities within your business.
Learn More

Digital operating model
Compete in the new digital world by reinventing the way your business works.
Learn More



Our holistic, integrative approach incorporates continuous assessment and improvement cycles designed to reduce
 process complexity/redundancy, improve outcomes, and accelerate operational delivery

 We leverage our client partnerships to inform, identify, and implement process and innovative solutions which
 positively impact our clients' business and operations


Enterprise Infrastructure
An effective, Agile infrastructure creates the foundation for successful and efficient development, delivery and
 operations. In applying our Agile/DevOps philosophy and practices to infrastructure as code, we prioritize and
 address a backlog of physical and virtual activities and enable our customers to operate more efficiently and
 effectively for the future.

User-Centered Design
With a keen focus on user needs and interactions, yet always with the customer’s specific business objectives in mind,
 FTC delivers customized applications designed for the optimal user experience. Our data gathering practices,
  design/development process, and regular user-feedback sessions ensure that our software is constantly evolving
  and improving through every stage of the development cycle.

Internet Publishing
We offer a variety of digital publishing services, including websites, text, audio, and video to enhance our
 customers' online presence and messaging.

 Records Management
Our set of proven information management best-practices helps our customers efficiently and systematically update,
 manage and store important records from throughout the organization’s lifecycle to ensure that essential documentation
  is organized, accessible, and audit-compliant.

Performance Improvement and Process Redesign
Following a thorough process assessment, we provide a detailed model of our customers’ current operational logistics
 and identify key inefficiencies and bottlenecks while identifying value-adding opportunities for exponential increases
 in productivity, efficiency and performance. By re-engineering business streams, our team reduces costs, cuts cycle
  time and revolutionizes outcomes.

Document Conversion
Our full-service document digitization and conversion program adheres to the strictest archival standards to ensure
 that all documentation remains safe, organized and confidential.

Global Shipping and Network Optimization
The best logistical operations are useless without an effective distribution network; yet streamlined distribution
requires complex planning with a global scope. We help our customers design a distribution strategy that is
cost-effective, service-oriented and flexible to the changing nature of the global marketplace.
